feat(intercept): add `{ log: false }` to `StaticResponse` (#25547)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- It is now possible to control the number of connection attempts to the browser using the CYPRESS_CONNECT_RETRY_THRESHOLD Environment Variable. Learn more [here](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/advanced-installation#Environment-variables). Addressed in [#25848](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/25848).
- The Debug page is now able to show real-time results from in-progress runs.  Addresses [#25759](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25759).
- Added the ability to control whether a request is logged to the command log via `cy.intercept()` by passing `log: false` or `log: true`. Addresses [#7362](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/7362).

>   - This can be used to override Cypress's default behavior of logging all XHRs and fetches, see the [example](https://docs.cypress.io/api/commands/intercept#controlling-log-behavior).

Reviewer: <3

Author: ooh helpful comment, this link is wrong :scream: 

```suggestion
  - This can be used to override Cypress's default behavior of logging all XHRs and fetches, see the [example](https://docs.cypress.io/api/commands/intercept#Disabling-logs-for-a-request).
```
